host-suffix *.cn, direct
host-suffix apple.com, direct
host-suffix qq.com, direct
host-suffix baidu.com, direct
host-suffix douyu.com, direct
host-suffix alicdn.com, direct
host-suffix qcloud.com, direct
host-suffix weiyun.com, direct
host-suffix scboy.cc, direct
host-suffix qqmail.com, direct
host-suffix msftconnecttest.com, direct
host-suffix 12306.com, direct
host-suffix 51ym.me, direct
host-suffix 52pojie.cn, direct
host-suffix 8686c.com, direct
host-suffix abercrombie.com, direct
host-suffix adobesc.com, direct
host-suffix air-matters.com, direct
host-suffix air-matters.io, direct
host-suffix airtable.com, direct
host-suffix akadns.net, direct
host-suffix apache.org, direct
host-suffix api.crisp.chat, direct
host-suffix api.termius.com, direct
host-suffix appshike.com, direct
host-suffix appstore.com, direct
host-suffix aweme.snssdk.com, direct
host-suffix bababian.com, direct
host-suffix battle.net, direct
host-suffix beatsbydre.com, direct
host-suffix bet365.com, direct
host-suffix bilibili.cn, direct
host-suffix ccgslb.com, direct
host-suffix ccgslb.net, direct
host-suffix chunbo.com, direct
host-suffix chunboimg.com, direct
host-suffix clashroyaleapp.com, direct
host-suffix cloudsigma.com, direct
host-suffix cloudxns.net, direct
host-suffix cmfu.com, direct
host-suffix culturedcode.com, direct
host-suffix dct-cloud.com, direct
host-suffix didialift.com, direct
host-suffix douyutv.com, direct
host-suffix duokan.com, direct
host-suffix dytt8.net, direct
host-suffix easou.com, direct
host-suffix ecitic.net, direct
host-suffix eclipse.org, direct
host-suffix eudic.net, direct
host-suffix ewqcxz.com, direct
host-suffix fir.im, direct
host-suffix frdic.com, direct
host-suffix fresh-ideas.cc, direct
host-suffix godic.net, direct
host-suffix goodread.com, direct
host-suffix haibian.com, direct
host-suffix hdslb.net, direct
host-suffix hollisterco.com, direct
host-suffix hongxiu.com, direct
host-suffix hxcdn.net, direct
host-suffix images.unsplash.com, direct
host-suffix img4me.com, direct
host-suffix ipify.org, direct
host-suffix ixdzs.com, direct
host-suffix jd.hk, direct
host-suffix jianshuapi.com, direct
host-suffix jomodns.com, direct
host-suffix jsboxbbs.com, direct
host-suffix knewone.com, direct
host-suffix kuaidi100.com, direct
host-suffix lemicp.com, direct
host-suffix letvcloud.com, direct
host-suffix lizhi.io, direct
host-suffix localizecdn.com, direct
host-suffix lucifr.com, direct
host-suffix luoo.net, direct
host-suffix mai.tn, direct
host-suffix maven.org, direct
host-suffix miwifi.com, direct
host-suffix moji.com, direct
host-suffix moke.com, direct
host-suffix mtalk.google.com, direct
host-suffix mxhichina.com, direct
host-suffix myqcloud.com, direct
host-suffix myunlu.com, direct
host-suffix netease.com, direct
host-suffix nfoservers.com, direct
host-suffix nssurge.com, direct
host-suffix nuomi.com, direct
host-suffix ourdvs.com, direct
host-suffix overcast.fm, direct
host-suffix paypal.com, direct
host-suffix paypalobjects.com, direct
host-suffix pgyer.com, direct
host-suffix qdaily.com, direct
host-suffix qdmm.com, direct
host-suffix qin.io, direct
host-suffix qingmang.me, direct
host-suffix qingmang.mobi, direct
host-suffix qqurl.com, direct
host-suffix rarbg.to, direct
host-suffix rrmj.tv, direct
host-suffix ruguoapp.com, direct
host-suffix sm.ms, direct
host-suffix snwx.com, direct
host-suffix soku.com, direct
host-suffix startssl.com, direct
host-suffix store.steampowered.com, direct
host-suffix symcd.com, direct
host-suffix teamviewer.com, direct
host-suffix tmzvps.com, direct
host-suffix trello.com, direct
host-suffix trellocdn.com, direct
host-suffix ttmeiju.com, direct
host-suffix udache.com, direct
host-suffix uxengine.net, direct
host-suffix weather.bjango.com, direct
host-suffix weather.com, direct
host-suffix webqxs.com, direct
host-suffix weico.cc, direct
host-suffix wenku8.net, direct
host-suffix werewolf.53site.com, direct
host-suffix windowsupdate.com, direct
host-suffix wkcdn.com, direct
host-suffix workflowy.com, direct
host-suffix xdrig.com, direct
host-suffix xiaojukeji.com, direct
host-suffix xiaomi.net, direct
host-suffix xiaomicp.com, direct
host-suffix ximalaya.com, direct
host-suffix xitek.com, direct
host-suffix xmcdn.com, direct
host-suffix xslb.net, direct
host-suffix xteko.com, direct
host-suffix yach.me, direct
host-suffix yixia.com, direct
host-suffix yunjiasu-cdn.net, direct
host-suffix zealer.com, direct
host-suffix zgslb.net, direct
host-suffix zimuzu.tv, direct
host-suffix, googleapis.com, proxy
host-suffix, instagram.com, proxy
host-suffix, cdninstagram.com, proxy
host-suffix, fbcdn.net, proxy
host-suffix, facebook.com, proxy
host-suffix, fb.com, proxy
host-suffix, twitch.tv, proxy
host-suffix, gstatic.com, proxy
host-keyword, google, proxy
ip-cidr, 10.0.0.0/8, direct
ip-cidr, 127.0.0.0/8, direct
ip-cidr, 172.16.0.0/12, direct
ip-cidr, 192.168.0.0/16, direct
ip-cidr, 224.0.0.0/24, direct
geoip, cn, direct
final, proxy
